Protocol Meeting 2020-12-01
===========================
9 ppl attended

## Organisational issues

- Twitter (some of these suggestions could become part of our Twitter guidelines)
  - The account can be set up and should have the name CAA-SSLA
  - Content collection can happen on our group chat
  - The account should focus on archaeology and not so much on general developments in the scripting languages world
  - Solid, hearty, high quality tweets should dominate
  - Scheduling posts before posting and weekly/monthly collection posts may be powerful tools to increase impact
  - We should post with one or multiple dedicated hashtags to allow for searching and filtering
  - Regular tweets are better than random bursts of activity with weeks of silence in between
- Logo
  - There are different preferences in the group 
  - We will organise a ranked poll to decide
  - The winner of this survey will be announced at the next meeting
- Group chat software
  - Each system has clear advantages and disadvantages
  - For now we will set up a Slack channel 
  - Later we want to change to something more FOSS

## Upcoming conferences, meetings and sessions

- CAA2021
  - The SIG session "Tools for the Revolution: developing packages for scientific programming in archaeology" by Joe Roe, Martin Hinz and Clemens Schmid was submitted
  - We did not discuss the planned, accompanying workshop

## Open exchange about activities and software updates

- Zack Batist: OpenArchaeo Update - https://open-archaeo.info/
  - Ideas: Github integration, improved segmentation 
  - The work on this list could become a collaborative project for the SIG SSLA
- Joseph Lewis: Work on a new package to prepare high resolution topographic data for Italy
- Clemens: Exciting new version of magrittr
  - https://www.tidyverse.org/blog/2020/11/magrittr-2-0-is-here/
  - |> to be included as a "base" piping operator in an upcoming version of R
- Joe Roe: Mapping of TFQAR to R solutions - https://github.com/sslarch/tfqar
  - Completing this list and bridging gaps between the tools could as well be a project for the SIG SSLA
- Zack Batist: Invitation to participate in the colloquium of the Archaeological Information Interest Group of Toronto University
  - https://groups.google.com/g/archaeological-information-interest-group

## Next meeting: January 5, 2021
