Protocol Meeting 2021-01-05
===========================
9(+1?) ppl attended

## Organisational issues

- Twitter account
  - @SIG_SSLA <- follow me on https://twitter.com/CAA_SSLA
  - The (first) twitter crew consists of the following members: Sophie Schmidt, Zack Batist, Martin Hinz
  - The crew shares the password and is actively using the account according to our twitter guidelines (https://github.com/sslarch/sslarch.github.io/blob/master/twitter_guidelines.md)
  - Input for the twitter channel can be shared on the respective Slack channel
- Experiences and opinions on Slack
  - Everybody seems to be happy with the chat's setup for now
- Logo
  - Final poll among the most popular drafts
    - 3: I
    - 6: II
    - 7: IIII <- !
    - 9: I
  - Logo number 7 of the draft collection becomes the new SIG-SSLA logo
  - Clemens Schmid will clean up the logo repository (https://github.com/sslarch/logo) and prepare rendered versions for easy use

## Upcoming conferences, meetings and sessions

- CAA2021 Workshop
  - Sophie, Petr and Clemens submitted a workshop as a type "other" session
  - The interaction of the two sessions could be very interesting: The workshop can prepare or work with important concepts discussed in the second session
- Any other conferences or meetings?
  - EAA2021: Call for sessions is open. There should be some CAA@EAA sessions that could be interesting for your papers
  - EAA could generally be a worthwile target for a future session organised by the SIG SSLA
  - Reproducible Quantitative Research in Archaeology: Doing Open Science Archaeology (using R) - Ben Marwick, David Matzig, Felix Riede, Sophie Schmidt Sophie (https://www.hf.uio.no/iakh/english/research/dialogues-with-the-past/courses/reproducible-quantitative-research-in-archaeology-.html)
  - Winter School: R for Archaeologists - Francesco Carrer, Joe Row (http://www.mappaproject.org/r4rchaeologists/)
  - The World Archaeological Congress (https://www.wac-9.org/) was postponed (Covid-19)

## Open exchange about activities and software updates

- OpenArchao (https://open-archaeo.info/) was greatly improved thanks to Joe Roe and Zack Batist. The data needs constant updating though - everybody can join here!
- Similar to OpenArchaeo, the SIG-SSLA could provide an open repository for conferences and workshops. Martin Hinz will come up with an implementation idea for the next meeting
- Uncommented: https://merely-useful.github.io/py-rse/index.html
- Some open discussion about new developments regarding spatial data manipulation in R
  - stars package: spatiotemporal data handling with potentially interesting features for archaeology (https://r-spatial.github.io/stars)
  - terra package: the future replacement of the raster package? (https://github.com/rspatial/terra)

## Next meeting: February 2, 2021
