<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><title>Meeting of the Provisional Steering Committee :: CAA SSLA</title><meta charset=utf-8><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><meta name=description content="Participants:  Sophie Schmidt Zack Batist Clemens Schmid Martin Hinz  Activities currently necessary:  Information mail via the mailing list Organise an inaugural meeting Establish regular meetings Outreach  inaugural meeting The inaugural meeting should be the kick-off for regular meetings (see below).
agenda:
 Report of recent developments Collect suggestions and ideas from members Set the modus operandi Present potential candidates for the SC Election of the Steering Committee  Positions to be filled are:"><meta name=keywords content><meta name=robots content="noodp"><link rel=canonical href=https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2020-09-01/><link rel=stylesheet href=https://sslarch.github.io/assets/style.css><link rel=stylesheet href=https://sslarch.github.io/assets/green.css><link rel=stylesheet href=https://sslarch.github.io/style.css><link rel=apple-touch-icon href=https://sslarch.github.io/img/apple-touch-icon-192x192.png><link rel="shortcut icon" href=https://sslarch.github.io/img/favicon/green.png><meta name=twitter:card content="summary"><meta name=twitter:site content="CAA_SSLA"><meta name=twitter:creator content><meta property="og:locale" content="en"><meta property="og:type" content="article"><meta property="og:title" content="Meeting of the Provisional Steering Committee"><meta property="og:description" content="Participants:  Sophie Schmidt Zack Batist Clemens Schmid Martin Hinz  Activities currently necessary:  Information mail via the mailing list Organise an inaugural meeting Establish regular meetings Outreach  inaugural meeting The inaugural meeting should be the kick-off for regular meetings (see below).
agenda:
 Report of recent developments Collect suggestions and ideas from members Set the modus operandi Present potential candidates for the SC Election of the Steering Committee  Positions to be filled are:"><meta property="og:url" content="https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2020-09-01/"><meta property="og:site_name" content="CAA SSLA"><meta property="og:image" content="https://sslarch.github.io/img/favicon/green.png"><meta property="og:image:width" content="2048"><meta property="og:image:height" content="1024"><meta property="article:published_time" content="2020-09-01 00:00:00 +0000 UTC"><link rel=stylesheet href=https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/font-awesome@4.7.0/css/font-awesome.min.css><link rel=stylesheet href=https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/jpswalsh/academicons@1/css/academicons.min.css></head><body class=green><div class="container center headings--one-size"><header class=header><div class=header__inner><div class=header__logo><a href=/><div class=logo>CAA/SSLA</div></a></div><div class=menu-trigger>menu</div></div><nav class=menu><ul class="menu__inner menu__inner--desktop"><li><a href=/about>About</a></li><li><a href=/documents/>Documents</a></li><li><a href=/members/>Members</a></li><li><a href=/minutes/>Minutes</a></li><li><a href=/sessions/>Sessions</a></li></ul><ul class="menu__inner menu__inner--mobile"><li><a href=/about>About</a></li><li><a href=/documents/>Documents</a></li><li><a href=/members/>Members</a></li><li><a href=/minutes/>Minutes</a></li><li><a href=/sessions/>Sessions</a></li></ul></nav></header><div class=content><div class=post><h1 class=post-title><a href=https://sslarch.github.io/minutes/2020-09-01/>Meeting of the Provisional Steering Committee</a></h1><div class=post-meta><span class=post-date>2020-09-01</span></div><div class=post-content><div><h2 id=participants>Participants:<a href=#participants class=hanchor arialabel=Anchor>&#8983;</a></h2><ul><li>Sophie Schmidt</li><li>Zack Batist</li><li>Clemens Schmid</li><li>Martin Hinz</li></ul><h2 id=activities-currently-necessary>Activities currently necessary:<a href=#activities-currently-necessary class=hanchor arialabel=Anchor>&#8983;</a></h2><ul><li>Information mail via the mailing list</li><li>Organise an inaugural meeting</li><li>Establish regular meetings</li><li>Outreach</li></ul><h2 id=inaugural-meeting>inaugural meeting<a href=#inaugural-meeting class=hanchor arialabel=Anchor>&#8983;</a></h2><p>The inaugural meeting should be the kick-off for regular meetings (see below).</p><p>agenda:</p><ul><li>Report of recent developments</li><li>Collect suggestions and ideas from members</li><li>Set the modus operandi</li><li>Present potential candidates for the SC</li><li>Election of the Steering Committee</li></ul><p>Positions to be filled are:</p><ul><li>Convenor</li><li>Vice Convenor</li><li>Secretary</li></ul><p>A doodle will be set up and sent in the first circulation to the members of the provisional SC and then to all members. It will be implemented at the end of this month (September 2020) or beginning of the next (October 2020).</p><h2 id=regular-meetings>Regular meetings<a href=#regular-meetings class=hanchor arialabel=Anchor>&#8983;</a></h2><p>The plan: These regular meetings should be held monthly and should last about 1 hour. This is to ensure regularity and reliability. Current developments in the field of scripting languages should be briefly presented and discussed. Extensive presentations ala conference contribution should be avoided.
The date should be in the afternoon CET, so that the so far active members have the opportunity to participate. A approriate method will later be used to determine the optimal time, if more members have to be considered.</p><h2 id=information-mail>Information mail<a href=#information-mail class=hanchor arialabel=Anchor>&#8983;</a></h2><p>The information mail should be distributed via the newsletter as soon as possible and should inform about the above mentioned points.It should encourage active participation and attendance at the founding meeting, as well as to recruit further potential members for the group. In addition, it should call for the submission of a candidature for the Steering Committee, preferably with a text of max. ~1 paragraph or 100 words.</p><h2 id=further>Further:<a href=#further class=hanchor arialabel=Anchor>&#8983;</a></h2><ul><li>A running list of interesting projects and packages will be published on Github.This list is intended as a complementary service to existing lists (zackbatist/open-archaeo or benmarwick
/ctv-archaeology) and is only meant to supplement, not replace them.</li><li>The mailing list should be activated more strongly, it should be made administratively accessible to the SC as soon as possible. Currently the address is still linked to Martin Hinz&rsquo;s personal Google Account, this is to be changed as soon as possible.</li><li>The creation of a Twitter account will be postponed for the time being, until the necessity is determined by the members.</li><li>For the time being, it will be refrained from setting up a statute until the necessity arises in daily business.</li><li>Once the SIG is constituted, a text with a link will be posted on the CAA International website.</li></ul></div></div></div></div><footer class=footer><div class=footer__inner><div class=copyright><span>Â© 2021 Powered by <a href=http://gohugo.io>Hugo</a></span>
<span>:: Theme made by <a href=https://twitter.com/panr>panr</a></span></div></div></footer><script src=https://sslarch.github.io/assets/main.js></script><script src=https://sslarch.github.io/assets/prism.js></script></div></body></html>