<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><title>Regular meeting (Nov 2020) :: CAA SSLA</title><meta charset=utf-8><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><meta name=description content="11 ppl attended
Organisational issues  Members list on sslarch.github.io  fine like it is, good to see so many people there new members can add themselfes to the list with a Pull Request against the homepage repository   Twitter  a Twitter account would allow for better communication with non-members and official endorsements of strategic partners, e.g. other Special interest groups Sophie and Zack will prepare a draft for a guidelines/code of conduct document how to handle the twitter account and present the result at the next meeting   Logo  collection of drafts at https://github."><meta name=keywords content><meta name=robots content="noodp"><link rel=canonical href=http://joeroe.io/sslarch.github.io/minutes/2020-11-03/><link rel=stylesheet href=http://joeroe.io/sslarch.github.io/assets/style.css><link rel=stylesheet href=http://joeroe.io/sslarch.github.io/assets/green.css><link rel=stylesheet href=http://joeroe.io/sslarch.github.io/style.css><link rel=apple-touch-icon href=http://joeroe.io/sslarch.github.io/img/apple-touch-icon-192x192.png><link rel="shortcut icon" href=http://joeroe.io/sslarch.github.io/img/favicon/green.png><meta name=twitter:card content="summary"><meta name=twitter:site content="CAA_SSLA"><meta name=twitter:creator content><meta property="og:locale" content="en"><meta property="og:type" content="article"><meta property="og:title" content="Regular meeting (Nov 2020)"><meta property="og:description" content="11 ppl attended
Organisational issues  Members list on sslarch.github.io  fine like it is, good to see so many people there new members can add themselfes to the list with a Pull Request against the homepage repository   Twitter  a Twitter account would allow for better communication with non-members and official endorsements of strategic partners, e.g. other Special interest groups Sophie and Zack will prepare a draft for a guidelines/code of conduct document how to handle the twitter account and present the result at the next meeting   Logo  collection of drafts at https://github."><meta property="og:url" content="http://joeroe.io/sslarch.github.io/minutes/2020-11-03/"><meta property="og:site_name" content="CAA SSLA"><meta property="og:image" content="http://joeroe.io/sslarch.github.io/img/favicon/green.png"><meta property="og:image:width" content="2048"><meta property="og:image:height" content="1024"><meta property="article:published_time" content="2020-11-03 00:00:00 +0000 UTC"><link rel=stylesheet href=https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/font-awesome@4.7.0/css/font-awesome.min.css><link rel=stylesheet href=https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/jpswalsh/academicons@1/css/academicons.min.css></head><body class=green><div class="container center headings--one-size"><header class=header><div class=header__inner><div class=header__logo><a href=/><div class=logo>CAA/SSLA</div></a></div><div class=menu-trigger>menu</div></div><nav class=menu><ul class="menu__inner menu__inner--desktop"><li><a href=/sslarch.github.io/about>About</a></li><li><a href=/sslarch.github.io/documents/>Documents</a></li><li><a href=/sslarch.github.io/members/>Members</a></li><li><a href=/sslarch.github.io/minutes/>Minutes</a></li><li><a href=/sslarch.github.io/sessions/>Sessions</a></li></ul><ul class="menu__inner menu__inner--mobile"><li><a href=/sslarch.github.io/about>About</a></li><li><a href=/sslarch.github.io/documents/>Documents</a></li><li><a href=/sslarch.github.io/members/>Members</a></li><li><a href=/sslarch.github.io/minutes/>Minutes</a></li><li><a href=/sslarch.github.io/sessions/>Sessions</a></li></ul></nav></header><div class=content><div class=post><h1 class=post-title><a href=http://joeroe.io/sslarch.github.io/minutes/2020-11-03/>Regular meeting (Nov 2020)</a></h1><div class=post-meta><span class=post-date>2020-11-03</span></div><div class=post-content><div><p>11 ppl attended</p><h2 id=organisational-issues>Organisational issues<a href=#organisational-issues class=hanchor arialabel=Anchor>&#8983;</a></h2><ul><li>Members list on sslarch.github.io<ul><li>fine like it is, good to see so many people there</li><li>new members can add themselfes to the list with a Pull Request against the homepage repository</li></ul></li><li>Twitter<ul><li>a Twitter account would allow for better communication with non-members and official endorsements of strategic partners, e.g. other Special interest groups</li><li>Sophie and Zack will prepare a draft for a guidelines/code of conduct document how to handle the twitter account and present the result at the next meeting</li></ul></li><li>Logo<ul><li>collection of drafts at <a href=https://github.com/sslarch/logo>https://github.com/sslarch/logo</a></li><li>redesign contest until the next meeting - submissions can be submitted directly to the repository</li></ul></li><li>Official email account<ul><li>the SIG got an official email address from CAA</li><li>it redirects to Martins mail address</li></ul></li><li>Chat software<ul><li>in the future it might be useful to establish a group chat for the SIG</li><li>so far it&rsquo;s unclear which tool fits best: Slack, Discord, Gitter, Rocket.chat, &mldr;</li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=news-from-the-scripting-languages-world-clemens>News from the scripting languages world (Clemens)<a href=#news-from-the-scripting-languages-world-clemens class=hanchor arialabel=Anchor>&#8983;</a></h2><ul><li>New R version 4.0.3 (2020-10-10): <a href=https://cran.r-project.org/doc/manuals/r-release/NEWS.html>https://cran.r-project.org/doc/manuals/r-release/NEWS.html</a></li><li>New Python version 3.9.0 (2020-10-05): <a href=https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-390/>https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-390/</a></li><li>GIS map making challenge: <a href=https://www.gislounge.com/november-map-challenge/>https://www.gislounge.com/november-map-challenge/</a></li><li>New interesting R packages and package versions:<ul><li>Spell checking: <a href=https://github.com/ropensci/spelling>https://github.com/ropensci/spelling</a></li><li>Fixing coordinates: <a href=https://github.com/ropensci/parzer,>https://github.com/ropensci/parzer,</a> <a href=https://github.com/ropensci/CoordinateCleaner>https://github.com/ropensci/CoordinateCleaner</a></li><li>WKT parsing: <a href=https://github.com/ropensci/wellknown>https://github.com/ropensci/wellknown</a></li><li>Fulltext search in published papers: <a href=https://github.com/ropensci/fulltext>https://github.com/ropensci/fulltext</a></li><li>JSON parsing: <a href=https://dirk.eddelbuettel.com/code/rcpp.simdjson.html>https://dirk.eddelbuettel.com/code/rcpp.simdjson.html</a></li><li>Unit tests: <a href=https://www.tidyverse.org/blog/2020/10/testthat-3-0-0/>https://www.tidyverse.org/blog/2020/10/testthat-3-0-0/</a></li><li>ODBC database interface: <a href=https://github.com/r-dbi/odbc/releases/tag/v1.3.0>https://github.com/r-dbi/odbc/releases/tag/v1.3.0</a></li><li>Fast in-memory data manipulation: <a href=https://arrow.apache.org/docs/r/index.html>https://arrow.apache.org/docs/r/index.html</a></li></ul></li><li>New open Books<ul><li>R Shiny web development: <a href=https://mastering-shiny.org>https://mastering-shiny.org</a></li><li>R Javascript integration: <a href=https://book.javascript-for-r.com>https://book.javascript-for-r.com</a></li></ul></li><li>Improved Python interpreter now available in R-Studio: <a href=https://blog.rstudio.com/2020/10/07/rstudio-v1-4-preview-python-support>https://blog.rstudio.com/2020/10/07/rstudio-v1-4-preview-python-support</a></li></ul><h2 id=caa-2021>CAA 2021<a href=#caa-2021 class=hanchor arialabel=Anchor>&#8983;</a></h2><ul><li>Software package (R, Python, etc.) development session + introductory workshop: <a href=https://groups.google.com/g/scientific-scripting-languages-in-archaeology/c/Fz0PKtbFFAE>https://groups.google.com/g/scientific-scripting-languages-in-archaeology/c/Fz0PKtbFFAE</a><ul><li>Session: Joe, Martin, Clemens (Joe comes up with an abstract proposal)</li><li>Workshop: Sophie, Petr, (Clemens)</li></ul></li></ul><h2 id=practical-implementation-dissemination-of-teaching-material>Practical implementation dissemination of teaching material<a href=#practical-implementation-dissemination-of-teaching-material class=hanchor arialabel=Anchor>&#8983;</a></h2><p>Open teaching material for archaeology: <a href="https://www.archaeopress.com/ArchaeopressShop/Public/displayProductDetail.asp?id=%7B48586A9F-7C7A-4840-97AD-3C33D17D6E2A%7D">https://www.archaeopress.com/ArchaeopressShop/Public/displayProductDetail.asp?id=%7B48586A9F-7C7A-4840-97AD-3C33D17D6E2A%7D</a></p><h2 id=next-meeting-2020-12-01>Next meeting: 2020-12-01<a href=#next-meeting-2020-12-01 class=hanchor arialabel=Anchor>&#8983;</a></h2></div></div></div></div><footer class=footer><div class=footer__inner><div class=copyright><span>Â© 2021 Powered by <a href=http://gohugo.io>Hugo</a></span>
<span>:: Theme made by <a href=https://twitter.com/panr>panr</a></span></div></div></footer><script src=http://joeroe.io/sslarch.github.io/assets/main.js></script><script src=http://joeroe.io/sslarch.github.io/assets/prism.js></script></div></body></html>